---
categories: []
layout: page
title: Style Guide
created: 1383953512
---
<p><span style="font-size: 13px; font-weight: normal; line-height: 1.538em;">Always use the exact capitalization/wording of the item (for example, use a &ldquo;&amp;&rdquo; instead of &ldquo;and&rdquo; if that&rsquo;s how the link appears).</span></p><p>Always identify by name the page that you want the user to interact with.</p><p>If you only use an image to show an important button or icon, always use the alt attribute to describe it in words.</p><p>When asking the user to find an element, describe the item in a way that would make sense even if you couldn&rsquo;t see the page (e.g. &ldquo;Delete the custom date range of 1700-1783 and select the&nbsp;<strong>Search</strong>&nbsp;button.&rdquo;)</p><p>Make sure to also include relevant wording (like the label on the button) and not just describe the button / link, etc.</p><ul><li><strong>More like:</strong> Click the My Account button in the top right corner of the page.</li><li><strong>Less like:</strong> Click the orange button in the top right corner of the page.</li></ul><p>Headings should be short, sweet, and descriptive. Use <a href="http://www.dailywritingtips.com/rules-for-capitalization-in-titles/">title-case capitalization</a> and write with active verbs:</p><ul><li><strong>Use Truncation</strong> is better than <strong>Activity III</strong></li><li><strong>Browse Images</strong> is better than <strong>Browsing Images in Database</strong></li><li><strong>Find Related Collections</strong> is better than <strong>Identify Links to Related Collections</strong></li></ul><p><strong>​</strong>In tutorial questions, make search terms and keywords lowercase. Connectors should be all uppercase.</p><h2>Use bold for:</h2><ul><li>Links &amp; tabs</li><li>Buttons and icons</li><li>Drop-down menu options</li><li>Article names (also use quotes)</li><li>Search terms</li></ul><h2>Use italics for:</h2><ul><li>Database names</li></ul><h2>Use all-caps for:</h2><ul><li>Boolean connectors</li><li>Hints and notes</li></ul>
